README.md, before:

# frac: Formula and Rules engine w/Actions, contained.

### Development with SpringBoot Reactor & AgensGraph

#### A view of the console when a Scheduled Formula is calculated and its sole dependency has been updated from its default value i.e. null:

<img src="src/test/resources/img/frac.running.console.withScheduledFormula.calculatingAfterDependencyUpdated.png" width="800px" height="auto">

### Development with AgensGraph docker image(s)
The bitnine/**agensBrowser** docker image comes with *AgensGraph DB* included but **the webserver doesn't start automagically**.
So:
* create a couple of docker volumes (so that the DB & webserver configuration persist across restarts):
  * eg agensGraphVolume:
    * docker volume create agensGraphVolume
    * docker volume create agensBrowserVolume
* create the container w/the volumes. ports & shell, starting it as a daemon: 
  * sudo docker run -itd -v agensGraphVolume:/home/agens/AgensGraph/data -v agensBrowserVolume:/home/agens/AgensBrowser -p 80:8085 -p 5432:5432 --name agensBrowser bitnine/agensBrowser /bin/bash
* shell into the container:
  * sudo docker exec -it agensBrowser /bin/bash
  * create the graph database and the graph *in* the database (once is enough 8^):
    * from the shell: 
      * createdb frac
      * agens frac
        * from the PostgreSQLAgensGraph CLI i.e. *agens*:
          * CREATE GRAPH frac;
          * ALTER USER agens SET GRAPH_PATH = frac;
          * \dG
          * \q
* cd into the home of the webserver, configure it & start it (i.e. an executable JAR) up: 
  * cd /home/agens/AgensBrowser
  * vi agens-browser.config.yml:
    * in the agens:outer:datasource section:
      * change the trailing path segment of url from: agens to: frac
      * change graph_path to: frac
  * ./agensbrowser.sh

On the machine hosting the docker container: browse to http://localhost

* you can stop/start/shell into the container as needed e.g 
  * *sudo docker stop agensBrowser*
  * *sudo docker start agensBrowser*
  * *sudo docker exec -it agensBrowser /bin/bash*

#### AgensBrowser views:

##### A Formula:
<img src="src/test/resources/img/frac.agensBrowser.formula.example.png" width="800px" height="auto">

##### Lots of Formulas:
<img src="src/test/resources/img/frac.agensBrowser.formula.example2.png" width="800px" height="auto">

##### A closer look at some Formulas
<img src="src/test/resources/img/frac.agensBrowser.formula.example3.png" width="800px" height="auto">

####### Open questions:

* the trailing part of the JDBC URL used by AgensBrowser webserver's config specifies the DB to connect to e.g. 'frac'
  * the webserver config specifies 'agens' as the user to login to the DB as.
  * issuing the ALTER USER agens SET graph_path = frac supposedly sets the graph path for the user, forever.
  * however, by default the JDBC URL's trailing part is set to 'agens'
    * Cipher statements issued thru such a webserver act on the 'agens_graph' graph
      * what is the relationship between graph_path and a named DB?
      * can a DB have **multiple** graphs?

Commit message:

Add more descriptive text wrt/recently added screenshot

README.md, after:

# frac: Formula and Rules engine w/Actions, contained.

### Development with SpringBoot Reactor & AgensGraph

#### A view of the console when a Scheduled Formula (Celsius to Farenheit) is calculated and its sole dependency (Celsius Temperature Reading) has recently been updated from its default value of null to 15, also showing another Formula attempting to calculate its value due to the Scheduled Formula broadcasting a new calculated value to it:

<img src="src/test/resources/img/frac.running.console.withScheduledFormula.calculatingAfterDependencyUpdated.png" width="800px" height="auto">

### Development with AgensGraph docker image(s)
The bitnine/**agensBrowser** docker image comes with *AgensGraph DB* included but **the webserver doesn't start automagically**.
So:
* create a couple of docker volumes (so that the DB & webserver configuration persist across restarts):
  * eg agensGraphVolume:
    * docker volume create agensGraphVolume
    * docker volume create agensBrowserVolume
* create the container w/the volumes. ports & shell, starting it as a daemon: 
  * sudo docker run -itd -v agensGraphVolume:/home/agens/AgensGraph/data -v agensBrowserVolume:/home/agens/AgensBrowser -p 80:8085 -p 5432:5432 --name agensBrowser bitnine/agensBrowser /bin/bash
* shell into the container:
  * sudo docker exec -it agensBrowser /bin/bash
  * create the graph database and the graph *in* the database (once is enough 8^):
    * from the shell: 
      * createdb frac
      * agens frac
        * from the PostgreSQLAgensGraph CLI i.e. *agens*:
          * CREATE GRAPH frac;
          * ALTER USER agens SET GRAPH_PATH = frac;
          * \dG
          * \q
* cd into the home of the webserver, configure it & start it (i.e. an executable JAR) up: 
  * cd /home/agens/AgensBrowser
  * vi agens-browser.config.yml:
    * in the agens:outer:datasource section:
      * change the trailing path segment of url from: agens to: frac
      * change graph_path to: frac
  * ./agensbrowser.sh

On the machine hosting the docker container: browse to http://localhost

* you can stop/start/shell into the container as needed e.g 
  * *sudo docker stop agensBrowser*
  * *sudo docker start agensBrowser*
  * *sudo docker exec -it agensBrowser /bin/bash*

#### AgensBrowser views:

##### A Formula:
<img src="src/test/resources/img/frac.agensBrowser.formula.example.png" width="800px" height="auto">

##### Lots of Formulas:
<img src="src/test/resources/img/frac.agensBrowser.formula.example2.png" width="800px" height="auto">

##### A closer look at some Formulas
<img src="src/test/resources/img/frac.agensBrowser.formula.example3.png" width="800px" height="auto">

####### Open questions:

* the trailing part of the JDBC URL used by AgensBrowser webserver's config specifies the DB to connect to e.g. 'frac'
  * the webserver config specifies 'agens' as the user to login to the DB as.
  * issuing the ALTER USER agens SET graph_path = frac supposedly sets the graph path for the user, forever.
  * however, by default the JDBC URL's trailing part is set to 'agens'
    * Cipher statements issued thru such a webserver act on the 'agens_graph' graph
      * what is the relationship between graph_path and a named DB?
      * can a DB have **multiple** graphs?
